alivar this year as indeed also
in past years and try to bet
the focus on innovative materials
because it is right anyway to stand out
also this year we propose as you see
here behind me a wall system
and a table in one
acrylic stone of the lg company that
let's say an evolution of corian
otherwise we have also proposed a
cement coating on this
very innovative product
this year we also propose a series of
padded and are always our piece
strong here we have the cloud sofa that
it is a very soft sofa but with some
steel legs that contrast with i
test of the structure but just that
its beauty we try to
also use a lot of leather
details these are all skins
naturally tanned are not used
toxic products even inside
company uses all the adhesives a
water base
because a lipari had a company
complete with alival you can deliver
to furnish a home in a complete way a
part of the kitchen of the animals is
a very versatile company you can manage to
make customized products and then you succeed
above all to cover all areas of
market that go both from home to
individual contract performance
we produce eighty percent of the
our products in the company and for this
we can provide equal types of
produced by the tailor even for a few
pieces or products that respond
to international certifications for
example for the contract sector
this allowed us to obtain
this year an important certification
which is that of 100 percent made in
italy which certifies that all phases of
production are made in Italy